ACCESS AND USE OF PLATFORM LICENSE AGREEMENT N ° @nro_lic


This License Agreement for Access and Use of Platform N ° @nro_lic (the "Agreement") is entered into between, on the one hand, UCROPIT S.A., C.U.I.T. N ° 30-71698370-2 (the "Licensor"), domiciled in Paraguay 1225, 10th Floor of the Autonomous City of Buenos Aires; and, on the other hand, @razonSocialProductor, C.U.I.T. N ° @cuitProductor (the "Licensee", and jointly with the Licensor, the "Parties"), which will be governed by the following clauses and conditions:


First clause. The Licensor grants the Licensee, and the latter accepts accordingly, a personal license, limited to the territory of the Argentine Republic, non-exclusive, free and non-transferable for access to, and use of, the technological platform called "ucrop.it", developed by , and owned by, the Licensor (the "Platform"), so that the Licensee: (i) can register as a user of the Platform; (ii) upload to the Platform, or provide for upload to the Platform, information related to fields and / or geo-referenced lots with evidence and / or support that proves the ownership or rights of the Licensee over said fields and / or lots - For example, by way of example, their lease agreement-, digital maps / polygons of the fields and plots in question, crops to be developed, number of hectares of the fields and plots, planting plan, evidence and information record regarding the succession of activities carried out in the field during the crop production cycle; (iii) validate with the Licensor's referents the information uploaded, or provided to be uploaded, on the Platform, through the signature processes and agreements registered in the blockchain; (iv) (a) grant the Licensor - and its shareholders, directors, managers, employees and collaborators - during the entire time during which the Licensee is the holder of a user account of the Platform and until the age of sixty ( 60) days counted from the date on which said account is terminated by any of the Parties by virtue of any cause provided herein, visibility of, access to and possibility of reproduction, download and generation of copies, of all the information uploaded on the Platform and provided to be uploaded on the Platform including, but not limited to, the evolution of the crop cycle / s, through the resulting digital information, through control boards and / or progress reports of cultivation and / or registration evidence, among other data uploaded to the Platform, or provided to be uploaded to the Platform, by the Licensee and his collaborators and employees in relation to the foregoing, remaining clarified and understood that the information that has been downloaded or whose copies have been generated by the Licensor, may be used and shared by the Licensor even after the sixty (60) days mentioned above; (b) grant to (1) Control Union Argentina S.A., C.U.I.T. N ° 30-60866381-5, and its shareholders, directors / managers, employees and collaborators (the "Company"), and (2) the companies detailed in Annex I and those that, through the Platform or through an email (as provided by the Licensor), the Parties by mutual agreement incorporate into it in the future -and the shareholders / quota-partistas, directors / managers, employees and collaborators of these- (the "Companies" and jointly with the Company, the "Companies"), during the term of this validity or its successive extensions, if any, as provided in the Third Clause, visibility of, access to and possibility of reproduction, download and generation of copies, which may be used by the Companies even if the present term has been rescinded or the aforementioned term or the aforementioned extensions have been fulfilled, of the information uploaded to the Platform and provided to be uploaded in it, related to the data of the crops (crop story ) objet or of the agricultural campaigns that take place during the term of the present one and of its successive extensions, if any, exclusively with respect to those related to the fields and / or lots selected by the Licensee as set forth in Clause 5.1.d.1 ), allowing the Licensee to be contacted in any event by the Licensor, the Company and the Companies, jointly or indistinctly; and (v) access certain commercial benefits proposed by the Licensor, the Companies or the Companies, as long as the Licensee complies with all the steps of registration and signing of the information requested in each stage of the soybean cultivation cycle that are specified in Clause 5.1.


Second Clause


2.1 The Licensee agrees to produce his / her soybean crop / s according to the rights conferred in the First Clause, committing to respect and comply with the declarations and obligations specified in this Contract, for the proof and validity thereof, serving the present of sufficient affidavit by the Licensee.


2.2 Essential Criteria - Description - Sustainability.


The Licensee, serving this as a sufficient affidavit, agrees to produce his / her soybean crop / s according to the essential sustainability criteria described below:














































Essential criteria
Description


Respect for applicable laws and workers' rights
Demonstrate awareness of responsibilities according to applicable laws. Applicable Laws are being complied with. Forced or compulsory labor, bonded labor or trafficking or any other type of involuntary labor is not used at any stage of production. Children under the age of 15 (or older as established in national legislation) do not carry out productive work. Young workers (15-18 years old) must not perform dangerous work that endangers their health and well-being. No form of discrimination is tolerated or tolerated. Workers are not subject to corporal punishment, mental or physical oppression, coercion, verbal or physical abuse, sexual harassment or any type of intimidation. None of the workers of any kind are required to hand over their identity documents to anyone, unless this is required by law. The working week will be set in accordance with local and national laws, must be compatible with local industry standards, and will be a maximum of 48 hours per week (not including overtime). According to local and national laws, they must be compatible with local industry standards, and will be a maximum of 48 hours per week (not including overtime). Overtime is always voluntary and must be paid according to local and national laws or sector agreements.


Safe and healthy workplace
A safe and healthy workplace is provided for all workers, including, at a minimum, access to clean water, basic sanitation facilities, and protective equipment. Potentially hazardous tasks are carried out only by trained and competent persons, who have been trained in how to perform those tasks safely. Proper and appropriate protective clothing and equipment are provided and used in all potentially hazardous operations.


Health care and union law
Medical / first aid treatment will be given without delay and first aid kits are present at all permanent sites and in the vicinity of field work. All workers have the right to bargain collectively. It is the right of all workers to establish and / or join an organization of their choice. The functioning of these organizations is not hampered. Representatives are not discriminated against and their members have access to the workplace on demand. Gross wages comply with the agreements of national and sector legislation.


Right to use land and legal tenure
There is documented evidence of land use rights (eg ownership document, rental agreement, court order, etc.). When traditional land users have renounced their right to use, there is documentary evidence that affected communities are compensated under their free, prior, informed and documented consent. There is no land conversion where there is an unresolved claim for land use by traditional users of the land in dispute without the agreement of both parties. Areas that are designated as legal reserves, conservation areas or otherwise guaranteed by law have to be protected. If any alteration has taken place, these areas must be restored to their previous state, or legally authorized compensation actions must be taken. Soybeans are not produced on deforested lands after a certain cut-off date mentioned in national legislation (eg 2008 in Brazil, 2008 in the USA, etc.).


Safe storage
There is proper storage and disposal of fuel, batteries, tires, lubricants, sewage and other waste in accordance with national legislation.


	Burning prohibition
Burning in any part of the property of agricultural residues, residues, or as part of the clearing of vegetation is not allowed, unless it is necessary for the crops in the drying process or required by national legislation as a sanitary measure.


Direct sowing and good practices in soil preservation and water sources
The farmer has knowledge of the techniques to maintain and control the quality of the soil (physical, chemical and biological) and the relevant techniques are implemented. For example: precision agriculture, waste management, crop rotation, direct seeding, contour tillage, pastures, streams, terraces, nitrogen-fixing plants, green manures, and agroforestry techniques. Good agricultural practices are implemented to minimize diffuse and localized impacts on surface and groundwater quality from chemical residues, fertilizers, and erosion or other sources. For example, maintaining a buffer area around water bodies, wastewater treatment, precision agriculture, etc.


Responsible use of agrochemicals
The use of phytosanitary products follows the legal requirements (or professional recommendations) in the country of origin and measures should be taken to prevent resistance. The farmer has knowledge of the techniques to maintain and control the quality of the soil (physical, chemical and biological) and the relevant techniques are implemented. For example: precision agriculture, waste management, crop rotation, direct seeding, contour tillage, pastures, streams, terraces, nitrogen-fixing plants, green manures, and agroforestry techniques. The farmer has knowledge of the techniques to avoid soil erosion and the relevant techniques are implemented. For example: following the contours with operations for soil preparation, using terraces, using cover crops, minimizing tillage and placing windbreaks. Agrochemicals listed in the Rotterdam and Stockholm Conventions are not used. The application of agrochemicals (phytosanitary and fertilizers) is documented. All handling, storage, collection and disposal of agrochemical waste and empty agrochemical product containers are supervised. The use and storage of agrochemicals and the disposal of agrochemical residues is in line with professional recommendations and applicable legislation. There is no pesticide application within 30 meters (or more when prescribed in national legislation) of any populated area or body of water and all necessary precautions are taken to prevent people from entering freshly sprayed areas. Agrochemicals must be applied using methods that minimize damage to human health, fauna, plant biodiversity, water, and air quality.


Safe aerial herbicide application
The aerial application of pesticides is carried out in such a way that it does not have an impact on populated areas and bodies of water. All aerial application is preceded by prior notification to residents within 500 m of the intended application (or more when prescribed in national legislation). There is no aerial application of pesticides of classes Ia, Ib and II established by the WHO (World Health Organization), within 500 m of populated areas or bodies of water (or more when prescribed in national legislation ).


Protection of community relations
In the event that a competent authority requires the farmer to react to a complaint or claim in a certain way, the farmer will do so in a timely manner. Complaints are dealt with in an appropriate manner. Documented evidence of claims and complaints received is maintained.








Third Clause


3.1 The term of this term will begin when the Licensee electronically accepts this Agreement through the Platform or by email in case of doing so by said means, expiring automatically, and by the mere passage of time, on March 31, 2023 , without the need for any judicial or extrajudicial notification, all without prejudice to the provisions of items (iv) (a) and (b) of the First Clause.


3.2 The term may be extended by the Parties under the conditions agreed upon from time to time.


Fourth Clause


4.1 The Licensee declares that it is in his interest to access potential commercial benefits in the present and / or in the future that at the sole discretion and decision of the Licensor may be available to the Licensee as a user of the Platform and carry out the activities detailed in the First Clause, namely and not limited to:


1. Access to transparent, timely information on preferential commercial conditions for the commercialization of the fruit of the crop / s detailed herein.


2. Prizes and monetary and / or in-kind incentives to reward the registration and uploading of evidence of the activities listed in the Fifth Clause.


3. Traceability as a result of the registration of the information regarding the cycle of the crop (s) detailed herein.


Fifth Clause


5.1 The Licensee states that it is in their interest to access training related to access and use of the Platform, and agrees to participate at their cost and charge as proposed by the Licensor for such purposes, this being an exclusive condition to access the benefits indicated in the Fourth and Fifth Clauses, guaranteeing their active participation, by themselves or by third parties that they designate for that purpose, during the cycle of the crop / crops and the term of the present and its successive extensions, if any, also with regard to to the loading of information and the recording of data, in the tasks of:


1. If you do not already have an active user on the Platform, register by entering www.ucrop.it and completing the form "Be part of the change" with the required data and then press the button "Register now '' to finish registration. Then, the Licensee will be contacted by the Licensor to finalize the registration process, access a username, password and producer and crop profile on the Platform. If applicable, inform the name, surname, email and telephone number of the people who are responsible for the tasks of: crop production and / or purchase of inputs and sale of cereals / oilseeds.


2. Provision and / or loading of the georeferenced polygons of the field (s) and of the production lot (s) (in formats such as KMZ / KML / SHP or equivalent) and of their detailed crop (s) in the Present.


3. Provision and / or loading of the title of ownership of the field / s and / or lot / s, the lease contract, the sharecropping contract, the usufruct contract or any other document that evidences the occupation and use and exploitation legal and the possession of the fields and / or lots for their agricultural and commercial exploitation in the field, being valid the certificates of registration in the corresponding registry issued by the AFIP (Federal Administration of Public Revenues) and obtained from the SISA service (Agricultural Simplified Information System) where the C.U.I.T. and name of the owner, landlord and / or usufructuary, this enumeration being merely exemplary, as well as the heading and area of the field (s).


4. Provision and / or uploading of information, evidence and acceptance signature requested by the Licensor during the term hereof and its successive extensions, if any, namely:


d.1) Electronic acceptance of the present through the Platform or by email, as provided by the Licensor, and selection of the lot (s) where the Licensee plans to sow or would have sown soybean seeds, which will be part of the Present. Regarding the Company and the Companies with which you agree to share your information and with which you would later remain in contact, then you can obtain the potential benefits referred to in the First Clause and in the Fourth Clause: you will agree to share the information with the Company and the Companies , as they are incorporated during the 2122 agricultural season in the terms of item (iv) (b) (2) of the First Clause, and that they are dedicated to the commercialization of Sustainable Soybeans and / or 2BSvs Soybeans and / or Soy EPA.
 
d.2) Provision and / or loading of the georeferenced polygons (in formats such as KMZ / KML / SHP or equivalent) of the field (s) and of the production lot (s) of the crop (s), on which will apply the digital analysis of sustainable landscape to achieve the scope of the 2BSvs standard in reference to legal compliance at the national level regarding afforestation and ecosystem protection.


d.3) In the sowing record, the variety of the seed used and the sowing density must be reported, inputs applied with the seed at sowing and the estimated yield to be obtained; and attach or take a geo-localized photograph of the seeded / emerged crop and / or NDVI image (Normalized Difference Vegetation Index) of the established crop.


d.4) Electronic signature of what is indicated in d.3).
d.5) Applications and / or Sprays of Fertilizers and / or Phytosanitary Products: provision and / or loading of (i) information on the date of application, products, dose and application method for each and for any application carried out on the crop in question ; and (ii) agronomic recipe and / or work order and / or documentation downloaded from the ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) or management software used for the purpose of supporting and evidencing the information provided regarding the products and doses used per application .


d.6) Electronic signature of what is indicated in d.5).


d.7) In the monitoring record, the estimate of yields at harvest entered in the advanced reproductive period must be reported, attaching or taking a geo-localized photograph of pods in batch and / or NDVI image of the batch at said stage.


d.8) Electronic signature of what is indicated in d.7).


d.9) In the harvest record, the yield obtained must be reported and the harvest form and / or supporting documentation of the tons harvested must be attached.


d.10) Electronic signature of what is indicated in d.9).


5.2 The Licensee agrees that the Licensor may settle monetary awards to the Licensee against valid, complete and truthful records with electronic acceptance signatures by the Licensee, in accordance with the points included in Clauses 5.1, especially in Clause 5.1 d) and subsequent , in time and form, and coinciding with the times and places of the activities declared for the correct traceability of the soybean crop with SUSTAINABILITY ELEMENTS. The instances to consider will be those where the following records are complete and finalized and the electronic signatures of acceptance by the Licensee are verified:


Instance 1: 5.1 c), d.1) and d.2).


Instance 2: d.3) and d.4).


Instance 3: d.5) and d.6).


Instance 4: d.7) and (d.8).


Instance 5: d.9) and (d.10).


5.3 It will be an exclusive condition for access and receipt of monetary awards that the Licensee completes in time and form Instance 1 and that the hectares are suitable for the Soy 2BSvs standard based on digital verification by the Company, at Through the Platform, the sustainable landscape, practices associated with said standard and the use and legal exploitation of the land according to Clause 5.1 c), in order to be able to receive a total value equivalent to US $ 0.14 (Fourteen Cents of a Dollar American) per hectare suitable for the 2BS standard vs per instance of the following instances: Instance 2, Instance 3, Instance 4 and Instance 5. Said awards will be in all respects and regardless of the number of Companies alluded to in item (iv) (b ) of the First Clauses and in Clause 5.1.d.1). The origin of the awarding of the aforementioned prizes will be determined by the Licensor and, if granted, settled when the Licensor determines it, but always within the term herein, and paid in Pesos, applying the exchange rate for the purposes of conversion. of the dollar, the purchasing currency published by the Banco de la Nación Argentina on the business day immediately after the date of compliance with valid, complete and truthful records for each of the aforementioned instances. As the instances and their records are duly complete in the terms herein, the Licensor will notify the Licensee and / or the advisor promoting the latter by email, as applicable based on what is indicated in Clause 5.4, the settlement of prizes and the date / s to carry out the same / s, for which the Licensee must issue an invoice and / or payment receipt, as agreed by the Parties from time to time. It is expressly clarified and understood that the granting and settlement and payment of the aforementioned prizes by the Licensor is subject to the fulfillment by the Companies of the obligations assumed by them under agreements entered into between the Companies and the Licensor, which is why which the Licensee expressly waives irrevocably to file claims against the Licensor and its shareholders, directors / managers, employees and collaborators, if the aforementioned prizes were not awarded and settled, or if they were awarded and settled in a way other than here. expected, as a direct or indirect consequence of non-compliance by the Companies to the obligations assumed by them before the Licensor by virtue of the aforementioned agreements.


5.4 The Licensee will carry out the management (s) through his user on the Platform to link his / her cultivation / s to collaborating third parties and thus delegate the functions and activities provided for herein, provided in Clauses 5.1 and 5.2, as well as also for the category of "advisers" and the collection of prizes and incentives provided in Clause 4.1 b) for the category
guidance of "promoter advisers", on the total or partial of the fields / lots mentioned in Clause 5.1 b) and / or selected according to the provisions of Clause 5.1 d.1), the Licensee assuming full responsibility for everything charged and made on the Platform through any of the users created by said Licensee's collaborators.


5.5 The Licensee states that, if required, will provide the Licensor, free of charge and without charge, active support in promotional activities in which they are asked to comment on their experience through different systems and means of communication, such as, and without implies limitation, radio, graphic, multimedia, social media, press activities, launches, presentations and meetings.


5.6 In view of the importance of compliance with the obligations set forth in the Fifth Clause, and to preserve the integrity of the Licensor, the Licensee accepts, by prior notice, the visit by personnel and / or third parties hired by the Licensor, to the field (s) and / or establishment (s) of the Licensee, or over which the latter holds rights of use and exploitation, to verify compliance with this and the other agreements entered into between the Parties, if any.


5.7 This will be governed and interpreted under the laws of the Argentine Republic. Any controversy and / or dispute derived from, or related to, the present, its celebration, interpretation, execution and termination, this enumeration being merely exemplary, will be submitted for resolution, at the option of the party that is considered entitled to the claim, before the Cereals Arbitration Chamber of the Rosario Stock Exchange or before the Cereals Arbitration Chamber of Buenos Aires or before the Ordinary National Commercial Courts based in the Autonomous Region of Buenos Aires, the Parties renouncing any other jurisdiction or jurisdiction that could correspond. In the first and second case, the Parties are subject to and accept the regulations and conditions established in the General Regulations applicable to each of them; It is also agreed that the execution of the arbitration award issued will be made before the Ordinary National Commercial Courts based in the Autonomous City of Buenos Aires.


Clause Six


6.1 Either of the Parties may rescind this document at any time, without expression of cause and without any obligation of compensation in favor of the other party, having to do so reliably notify its decision in this regard with a minimum notice of thirty (30) days. as of the date you want the termination to take effect. In this sense, the Licensee accepts that, if this is terminated without cause, the Licensor and the Companies will have the right to use the information uploaded to the Platform in the terms and during the periods provided in the First Clause.


6.2 Failure to comply with any of the obligations established in this Contract gives the complying party the right to terminate the present one, with prior notice to the non-compliant party so that, within fifteen (15) days from the date of receipt of said notice, remedy the breach in question. In the event that the non-compliant party does not remedy the respective non-compliance within the aforementioned period, the present resolution will occur without the need for any judicial or extrajudicial notification, and the compliant party may claim compensation from the non-compliant party for damages caused. . In this sense, the Licensee accepts that, if this is resolved with cause, the Licensor and the Companies will have the right to use the information uploaded to the Platform in the terms and during the terms provided herein.


6.3 The termination of this document, with or without cause, does not release the Parties from their obligations pending on the termination date.


6.4 The Licensee declares and guarantees to the Licensor that it has the national, provincial and municipal authorizations, permits and registries that are required to carry out the activities of the Licensee, if applicable.


6.5 The Parties declare that they are completely independent from each other and that they have their own organization and staff, and assume their own risks. Neither party may, under any circumstances, consider itself a partner, associate, employee, agent or representative of the other party and, therefore, neither party may represent the other party against third parties.


6.6 The Licensee declares to understand and accept that the Licensor has entered into or could enter into contracts with third parties (including, but not limited to, the Companies) and assumed a commitment under them, the fulfillment of which is or could be at his / her discretion.
It is subject to the fulfillment by the Licensee of the obligations assumed hereunder or under other agreements entered into between the Parties. Consequently, the Licensee is responsible for the damages and losses that are generated as a result of the breach of the obligations that he assumes hereby. In this sense, the Licensee undertakes to hold harmless and indemnify the Licensor, its shareholders, authorities, employees, collaborators and representatives from any lawsuit or judicial or extrajudicial claim of any nature that may be presented by the aforementioned third parties (including, but not limited to , the Companies), to the extent that the breaches of these by the Licensor are a direct or indirect consequence of breaches by the Licensee under this or under other agreements that it has entered into or could enter into with the Licensor.


6.7 The Licensee may not assign or transfer the rights and obligations provided herein, without the prior consent of the Licensor.


6.8 The Licensor designates javier.foster@ucrop.it as his contact email box for any communication or notification that the Licensee wishes to make and the Licensee will use the email box provided at the time the user registered on the platform or any other that may have been informed.


6.9 The Parties establish special addresses in those indicated at the time of registration of the company and users on the Platform, where all judicial or extrajudicial notifications made therein will be considered valid. All communication that exceeds the daily and ordinary course of execution of this Contract, including, but not limited to, communications related to claims and rescissions, will be made by reliable means.


6.10 Either Party may modify its address, in which case it must reliably notify the other party at least five (5) days in advance from the date on which such address change becomes effective.


6.11 If applicable, the stamp tax payable on the present will be borne and paid in full by the Licensee, obliging himself to hold the Licensor, his shareholders, authorities, employees, collaborators and representatives harmless from extrajudicial claims and / or administrative and / or judicial that may be made by third parties, including National and / or Provincial and / or Municipal government entities, for the payment of the tax outside the term of the law or for the lack of payment and / or for the incorrect payment of the same.


THIS WILL BE CONSIDERED IRREVOCABLY ACCEPTED AND IN ALL ITS TERMS BY THE LICENSEE THROUGH THE ELECTRONIC ACCEPTANCE OF THE PRESENT WITH THE DIGITAL IDENTITY OF THE C.U.I.T. OF THE LICENSEE, PROVIDED THROUGH THE USER ONBOARDING PROCESS CARRIED OUT ON THE PLATFORM AND / OR ACCEPTED BY THE LICENSEE THROUGH AN EMAIL IN THE TERMS SET FORTH HEREIN.
________________


ANNEX I


List of Companies as stipulated in item (iv) (b) (2) of the First Clause


BUSINESS NAME
C.U.I.T.
MOLINOS AGRO S.A.
30-71511877-3

In the terms provided in item (iv) (b) (2) of the First Clause, this Annex I may be modified by the Parties by mutual agreement, through the Platform or by email (as provided by the Licensor ), in order to incorporate other Companies, which will be considered automatically incorporated into this Annex I if the Parties agree to it in the aforementioned manner.


* * *

